[DOCFIX] Add doc on running sudo without password (#14863)
Alluxio/alluxio: docs/en/deploy/Running-Alluxio-On-a-Cluster.md

  For basic functionality, make sure RPC port (default:19998) is open on all nodes.
* Allow `sudo` privilege for the OS user that Alluxio will be running as.
  This is only needed if you expect Alluxio to mount a RAMFS on the workers automatically.

> * Enable sudo command can be used without inputting password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure that the user Alluxio will be running as can execute `sudo` without inputting a password.
```

Also can you please add a link to the section from the other doc where there are instructions on how to set `NOPASSWD` config for `sudo`?
